Refactor verbosity handling and add global configuration for debug symbols (#78)
BlockstreamResearch/smplx: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

> - Added `get_include_debug_symbols` to check if debug symbols should be included in compiled programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rewrote verbosity configuration in both `simplex test` and SDK to check if debug symbols should be included in program compilation.
```
